Prefix to Postfix Converter This program reads an input file that
contains prefix expressions and converts them to postfix expressions.
The program then prints the postfix expression to the console. The
program checks for errors such as invalid expressions, insufficient
operands, and the use of spaces in the expressions.

Getting Started To use this program, you need Python 3 installed on your
computer. You can download Python 3 from the official website here. You
also need to have the input file with prefix expressions to be converted
to postfix.

How to Use Open the command prompt or terminal. Navigate to the
directory where the program file is saved. Run the program by typing the
following command: Copy code python prefix_to_postfix_converter.py You
will be prompted to enter the name of the input file containing prefix
expressions to be converted. Enter the name of the input file and press
enter. The program will read the input file, convert the prefix
expressions to postfix expressions, and print the results to the
console. If there are errors in the input file, the program will print
an error message to the console. Input File Format The input file should
contain one prefix expression per line. The expressions should only
contain operators and operands, with no spaces. The allowed operators
are +, -, \*, /, \$, and \^. The allowed operands are any alphanumeric
characters. Here is an example of a valid input file:

bash Copy code +AB \*CDE \$FGH Output The program prints the postfix
expression for each line of the input file. If there are errors in the
input file, the program prints an error message to the console for each
error encountered.
